bash-completion: /.
bash-completion: /data
bash-completion: /data/data
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/pkgconfig
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/pkgconfig/bash-completion.pc
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/cmake
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/cmake/bash-completion
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/cmake/bash-completion/bash-completion-config-version.cmake
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/cmake/bash-completion/bash-completion-config.cmake
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/doc
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/doc/bash-completion
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/bash_completion
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/pycodestyle
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/koji
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/lsscsi
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/pkg-get
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/avctrl
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/jpegoptim
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/list_lists
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/javaws
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/tcpdump
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/nmap
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/chmod
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/iftop
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/mutt
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/gcc
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/ssh-add
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/makepkg
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/lzma
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/pkgadd
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/mdtool
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/pwdx
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/wtf
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/chown
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/cksfv
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/firefox
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/dmypy
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/find_member
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/luserdel
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/iscsiadm
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/dd
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/lpq
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/gendiff
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/list_admins
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/automake
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/_hwclock
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/lzip
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/modprobe
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/chkconfig
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/interdiff
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/file
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/ri
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/rpcdebug
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/badblocks
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/perltidy
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/yum-arch
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/vpnc
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/munin-update
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/e2freefrag
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/growisofs
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/rdesktop
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/urlsnarf
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/e2label
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/_rfkill
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/rsync
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/cpio
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/bind
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/smbclient
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/dpkg
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/a2x
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/_look
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/cpan2dist
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/_cal
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/lastlog
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/xxd
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/mtx
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/eog
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/zopflipng
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/lisp
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/scrub
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/cardctl
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/withlist
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/ipv6calc
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/groupdel
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/cfagent
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/chgrp
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/python
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/ebtables
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/_runuser
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/ncftp
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/ether-wake
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/sqlite3
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/freeciv
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/pydocstyle
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/pytest
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/filesnarf
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/update-rc.d
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/sbopkg
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/ypmatch
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/config_list
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/genisoimage
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/clisp
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/mcrypt
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/clone_member
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/pkg_delete
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/_ionice
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/kill
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/fbi
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/isql
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/vncviewer
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/gm
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/tshark
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/prelink
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/sshow
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/pm-is-supported
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/_eject
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/slapt-src
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/smartctl
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/sitecopy
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/update-alternatives
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/tune2fs
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/xhost
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/ifup
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/iwpriv
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/7z
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/gkrellm
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/synclient
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/wsimport
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/flake8
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/ipcalc
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/bk
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/kldunload
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/gcl
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/xmms
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/pdftotext
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/_newgrp
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/sshfs
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/gpgv
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/freeciv-server
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/ecryptfs-migrate-home
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/sysctl
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/mkinitrd
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/munindoc
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/ping
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/arping
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/rpm
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/ssh
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/_modules
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/unpack200
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/mr
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/iwlist
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/iwconfig
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/links
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/_udevadm
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/_mount.linux
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/mmsitepass
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/gpg2
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/groupmems
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/mysqladmin
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/pkgutil
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/htop
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/modinfo
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/convert
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/ccache
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/pydoc
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/lftp
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/cvs
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/iwspy
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/openssl
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/userdel
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/jar
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/hostname
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/iperf
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/strings
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/geoiplookup
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/_svn
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/_adb
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/pwd
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/secret-tool
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/pyflakes
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/xz
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/lrzip
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/chronyc
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/autoconf
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/apt-build
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/mii-tool
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/upgradepkg
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/screen
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/faillog
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/_su
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/btdownloadheadless.py
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/aspell
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/gzip
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/zopfli
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/gprof
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/acpi
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/java
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/watch
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/portupgrade
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/cppcheck
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/invoke-rc.d
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/portsnap
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/pm-powersave
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/xzdec
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/id
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/monodevelop
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/autoreconf
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/plague-client
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/list_owners
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/rpm2tgz
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/mplayer
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/bzip2
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/mussh
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/dumpe2fs
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/ss
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/jps
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/ant
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/htpasswd
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/xdg-settings
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/jarsigner
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/gpasswd
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/nethogs
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/dumpdb
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/dnsspoof
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/mdadm
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/tracepath
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/filefrag
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/check_perms
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/op
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/cancel
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/_dmesg
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/slackpkg
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/iconv
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/_repomanage
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/vipw
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/getent
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/nproc
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/arp
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/wvdial
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/pack200
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/strace
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/gpg
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/apt-cache
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/gnatmake
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/radvdump
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/gnokii
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/complete
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/brctl
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/lsof
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/ulimit
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/chromium-browser
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/_svnadmin
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/luseradd
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/tcpkill
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/chage
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/add_members
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/checksec
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/postfix
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/json_xs
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/lftpget
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/rmlist
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/pgrep
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/genaliases
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/carton
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/jshint
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/dpkg-source
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/tcpnice
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/pwgen
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/autoscan
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/postconf
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/printenv
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/ktutil
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/file-roller
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/rmmod
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/_yum
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/getconf
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/perl
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/snownews
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/pv
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/dnssec-keygen
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/grpck
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/wol
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/feh
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/_reptyr
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/xfreerdp
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/hid2hci
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/munin-run
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/ifstat
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/find
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/shellcheck
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/_renice
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/_xm
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/mc
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/lua
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/curl
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/qemu
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/pm-hibernate
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/hping2
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/_chsh
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/tsig-keygen
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/hcitool
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/sync_members
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/pyvenv
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/remove_members
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/minicom
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/lzop
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/unrar
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/sysbench
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/mypy
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/isort
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/postcat
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/pidof
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/cleanarch
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/change_pw
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/abook
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/_umount.linux
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/_chfn
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/k3b
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/newusers
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/rcs
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/crontab
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/appdata-validate
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/oggdec
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/tipc
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/ipsec
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/timeout
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/wget
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/lvm
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/medusa
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/valgrind
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/gphoto2
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/mktemp
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/dselect
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/povray
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/psql
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/_mount
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/querybts
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/inotifywait
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/ngrep
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/lintian
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/rrdtool
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/desktop-file-validate
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/luac
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/portinstall
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/gnome-screenshot
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/xgamma
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/_nmcli
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/apt-get
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/pkg-config
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/perlcritic
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/influx
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/postsuper
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/nc
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/locale-gen
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/asciidoc
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/svk
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/ssh-keygen
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/nslookup
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/installpkg
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/xrandr
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/ldapvi
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/explodepkg
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/insmod
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/aclocal
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/fbgs
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/aptitude
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/hunspell
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/sshmitm
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/mysql
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/larch
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/hddtemp
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/autorpm
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/dot
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/wodim
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/killall
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/puppet
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/dhclient
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/lz4
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/lpr
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/sh
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/quota
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/idn
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/cowsay
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/list_members
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/xmodmap
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/ccze
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/xrdb
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/fusermount
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/newlist
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/gssdp-discover
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/pkgtool
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/dsniff
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/pine
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/postmap
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/lsusb
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/passwd
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/unace
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/ssh-copy-id
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/wine
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/xmlwf
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/cryptsetup
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/xsltproc
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/make
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/freebsd-update
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/configure
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/svcadm
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/resolvconf
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/gnome-mplayer
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/arch
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/chrpath
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/_hexdump
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/alias
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/kcov
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/deja-dup
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/groupmod
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/tox
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/jsonschema
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/qrunner
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/xvfb-run
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/apache2ctl
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/rpmcheck
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/webmitm
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/sbcl
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/ipmitool
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/_svnlook
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/pwck
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/_mock
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/_write
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/usermod
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/arpspoof
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/msynctool
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/protoc
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/xmllint
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/route
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/ldapsearch
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/removepkg
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/pylint
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/optipng
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/p4
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/kldload
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/_umount
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/groupadd
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/ntpdate
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/jq
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/export
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/chpasswd
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/macof
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/opera
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/patch
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/dict
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/sudo
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/vmstat
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/gdb
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/man
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/lilo
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/reportbug
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/qdbus
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/bts
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/check_db
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/nsupdate
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/unshunt
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/ip
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/pngfix
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/pkgrm
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/tar
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/inject
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/2to3
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/slapt-get
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/useradd
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/iptables
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/info
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/xdg-mime
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/mii-diag
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/cvsps
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/fio
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/cfrun
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/function
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/mailmanctl
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/evince
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/_rtcwake
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/munin-node-configure
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/helpers
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/helpers/python
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/helpers/perl
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/etc
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/etc/profile.d
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/etc/profile.d/bash_completion.sh
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/doc/bash-completion/LICENSE
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/rcsdiff
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/vgconvert
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/py.test
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/ldapmodrdn
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/dfutool
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/ldapmodify
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/lz4c
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/lvs
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/ypcat
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/rlog
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/vgmknodes
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/vgimport
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/cowthink
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/g77
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/quotaoff
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/rpm2txz
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/aclocal-1.13
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/smbget
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/python2
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/ncal
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/smbtar
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/pyvenv-3.6
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/gcc-5
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/autossh
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/quotacheck
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/gmake
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/iperf3
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/whatis
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/puppetqd
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/inotifywatch
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/automake-1.12
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/gcj
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/ldapdelete
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/pccardctl
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/vgck
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/dpkg-reconfigure
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/composite
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/scp
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/s390-koji
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/lvextend
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/lintian-info
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/pvs
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/gccgo-7
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/pm-suspend-hybrid
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/cc
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/pbzip2
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/pyvenv-3.8
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/identify
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/qemu-system-i386
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/gpgv2
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/ldapwhoami
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/rpmbuild
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/ppc-koji
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/rdict
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/python2.7
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/automake-1.15
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/ldapadd
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/ping6
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/createuser
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/links2
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/alternatives
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/g95
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/smbtree
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/hciattach
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/cdrecord
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/pvmove
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/g++
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/ifquery
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/gnumake
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/pylint-3
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/vgs
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/bmake
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/f95
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/py.test-2
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/py.test-3
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/vgcreate
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/g++-8
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/vigr
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/mplayer2
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/lvcreate
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/pypy
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/spovray
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/ci
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/host
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/gkrellm2
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/dropdb
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/mdecrypt
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/gfortran-7
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/pytest-2
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/stream
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/python3.4
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/rfcomm
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/kplayer
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/pkg_info
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/lbzip2
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/g++-6
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/msgsnarf
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/python3.6
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/pmake
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/lvreduce
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/tracepath6
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/aclocal-1.16
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/pyvenv-3.4
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/lusermod
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/mkisofs
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/lvrename
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/vgscan
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/pdlzip
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/puppetdoc
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/hping
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/postalias
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/ifdown
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/geoiplookup6
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/aclocal-1.11
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/pvscan
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/bsdtar
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/pigz
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/google-chrome-stable
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/vgremove
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/autoupdate
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/quotaon
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/chrome
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/autoheader
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/declare
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/filebucket
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/gmplayer
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/python3.7
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/conjure
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/gccgo
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/freeciv-gtk2
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/lvscan
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/lvdisplay
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/muttng
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/vgmerge
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/puppetrun
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/google-chrome
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/pvcreate
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/iceweasel
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/apropos
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/gfortran
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/ldappasswd
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/vgrename
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/puppetca
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/gcc-7
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/sparc-koji
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/ralsh
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/dcop
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/montage
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/pvdisplay
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/sbcl-mt
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/gcc-8
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/c++
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/javac
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/hd
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/pm-suspend
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/mencoder
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/plzip
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/asciidoc.py
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/clzip
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/ifstatus
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/gtar
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/setquota
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/compare
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/vgsplit
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/automake-1.13
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/aclocal-1.15
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/aclocal-1.10
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/pxz
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/aclocal-1.12
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/g4
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/gfortran-6
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/automake-1.16
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/gpc
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/vgchange
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/co
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/mailsnarf
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/slogin
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/phing
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/pytest-3
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/puppetmasterd
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/arm-koji
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/xvnc4viewer
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/smbcacls
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/gfortran-8
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/colormake
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/automake-1.10
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/vgreduce
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/dpkg-query
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/vgcfgrestore
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/pypy3
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/alpine
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/qemu-system-x86_64
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/edquota
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/sudoedit
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/g++-7
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/l2ping
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/repquota
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/7za
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/rpm2targz
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/tightvncviewer
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/btdownloadcurses.py
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/python3
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/display
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/g++-5
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/python3.8
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/pkg_deinstall
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/puppetd
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/dropuser
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/createdb
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/gccgo-8
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/perldoc
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/chromium
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/compgen
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/vgexport
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/lvresize
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/hping3
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/import
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/insmod.static
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/freeciv-sdl
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/gccgo-5
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/rpmbuild-md5
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/pylint-2
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/star
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/sidedoor
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/mozilla-firefox
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/gfortran-5
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/automake-1.14
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/sdptool
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/etherwake
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/ldapcompare
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/pydoc3
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/pinfo
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/smbpasswd
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/pkill
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/javadoc
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/animate
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/pyvenv-3.7
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/lvremove
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/vgdisplay
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/automake-1.11
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/ciptool
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/mogrify
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/pvremove
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/typeset
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/civclient
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/pyvenv-3.5
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/wine-stable
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/dpkg-deb
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/smbcquotas
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/civserver
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/f77
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/pvchange
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/vgextend
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/hciconfig
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/freeciv-xaw
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/btdownloadgui.py
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/lvmdiskscan
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/wine-development
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/freeciv-gtk3
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/sftp
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/lvchange
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/python3.3
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/vgcfgbackup
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/python3.5
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/qemu-kvm
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/gcc-6
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/aclocal-1.14
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/aptitude-curses
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/xpovray
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/gccgo-6
bash-completion: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/micropython
