dnsutils: /.
dnsutils: /data
dnsutils: /data/data
dnsutils: /data/data/com.termux
dnsutils: /data/data/com.termux/files
dnsutils: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr
dnsutils: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin
dnsutils: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/delv
dnsutils: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/host
dnsutils: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/dig
dnsutils: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/nsupdate
dnsutils: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/nslookup
dnsutils: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib
dnsutils: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/libisc.so
dnsutils: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/libdns.so
dnsutils: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/libisccc.so
dnsutils: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/libns.so
dnsutils: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/libisccfg.so
dnsutils: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/libirs.so
dnsutils: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/libbind9.so
dnsutils: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share
dnsutils: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/doc
dnsutils: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/doc/dnsutils
dnsutils: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include
dnsutils: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/pkcs11
dnsutils: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/pkcs11/pkcs11.h
dnsutils: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/pk11
dnsutils: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/pk11/internal.h
dnsutils: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/pk11/constants.h
dnsutils: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/pk11/result.h
dnsutils: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/pk11/pk11.h
dnsutils: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/pk11/site.h
dnsutils: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/dns
dnsutils: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/dns/update.h
dnsutils: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/dns/types.h
dnsutils: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/dns/catz.h
dnsutils: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/dns/lookup.h
dnsutils: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/dns/geoip.h
dnsutils: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/dns/keyflags.h
dnsutils: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/dns/rrl.h
dnsutils: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/dns/keydata.h
dnsutils: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/dns/librpz.h
dnsutils: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/dns/rdataclass.h
dnsutils: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/dns/dnsrps.h
dnsutils: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/dns/clientinfo.h
dnsutils: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/dns/rriterator.h
dnsutils: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/dns/rpz.h
dnsutils: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/dns/edns.h
dnsutils: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/dns/secproto.h
dnsutils: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/dns/compress.h
dnsutils: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/dns/master.h
dnsutils: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/dns/rdatastruct.h
dnsutils: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/dns/tcpmsg.h
dnsutils: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/dns/keyvalues.h
dnsutils: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/dns/dyndb.h
dnsutils: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/dns/opcode.h
dnsutils: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/dns/request.h
dnsutils: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/dns/ecs.h
dnsutils: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/dns/rbt.h
dnsutils: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/dns/private.h
dnsutils: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/dns/callbacks.h
dnsutils: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/dns/sdb.h
dnsutils: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/dns/dnstap.h
dnsutils: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/dns/time.h
dnsutils: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/dns/dns64.h
dnsutils: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/dns/nta.h
dnsutils: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/dns/byaddr.h
dnsutils: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/dns/diff.h
dnsutils: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/dns/xfrin.h
dnsutils: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/dns/forward.h
dnsutils: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/dns/ecdb.h
dnsutils: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/dns/enumtype.h
dnsutils: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/dns/zone.h
dnsutils: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/dns/tkey.h
dnsutils: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/dns/ttl.h
dnsutils: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/dns/rdataslab.h
dnsutils: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/dns/portlist.h
dnsutils: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/dns/rdatalist.h
dnsutils: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/dns/tsig.h
dnsutils: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/dns/badcache.h
dnsutils: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/dns/kasp.h
dnsutils: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/dns/masterdump.h
dnsutils: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/dns/secalg.h
dnsutils: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/dns/dispatch.h
dnsutils: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/dns/peer.h
dnsutils: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/dns/cert.h
dnsutils: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/dns/ipkeylist.h
dnsutils: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/dns/acl.h
dnsutils: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/dns/message.h
dnsutils: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/dns/journal.h
dnsutils: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/dns/tsec.h
dnsutils: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/dns/nsec3.h
dnsutils: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/dns/adb.h
dnsutils: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/dns/resolver.h
dnsutils: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/dns/dlz.h
dnsutils: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/dns/stats.h
dnsutils: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/dns/result.h
dnsutils: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/dns/db.h
dnsutils: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/dns/enumclass.h
dnsutils: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/dns/view.h
dnsutils: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/dns/rootns.h
dnsutils: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/dns/dlz_dlopen.h
dnsutils: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/dns/client.h
dnsutils: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/dns/soa.h
dnsutils: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/dns/dsdigest.h
dnsutils: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/dns/rcode.h
dnsutils: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/dns/order.h
dnsutils: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/dns/rdataset.h
dnsutils: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/dns/cache.h
dnsutils: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/dns/zoneverify.h
dnsutils: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/dns/zonekey.h
dnsutils: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/dns/ds.h
dnsutils: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/dns/events.h
dnsutils: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/dns/version.h
dnsutils: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/dns/dnssec.h
dnsutils: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/dns/validator.h
dnsutils: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/dns/log.h
dnsutils: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/dns/ncache.h
dnsutils: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/dns/name.h
dnsutils: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/dns/rdata.h
dnsutils: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/dns/dbtable.h
dnsutils: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/dns/rdatasetiter.h
dnsutils: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/dns/fixedname.h
dnsutils: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/dns/keymgr.h
dnsutils: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/dns/ssu.h
dnsutils: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/dns/zt.h
dnsutils: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/dns/rdatatype.h
dnsutils: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/dns/nsec.h
dnsutils: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/dns/dbiterator.h
dnsutils: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/dns/timer.h
dnsutils: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/dns/iptable.h
dnsutils: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/dns/bit.h
dnsutils: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/dns/sdlz.h
dnsutils: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/dns/lmdb.h
dnsutils: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/dns/keytable.h
dnsutils: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/dns/lib.h
dnsutils: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/irs
dnsutils: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/irs/types.h
dnsutils: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/irs/platform.h
dnsutils: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/irs/netdb.h
dnsutils: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/irs/context.h
dnsutils: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/irs/resconf.h
dnsutils: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/irs/dnsconf.h
dnsutils: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/irs/version.h
dnsutils: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/ns
dnsutils: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/ns/update.h
dnsutils: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/ns/types.h
dnsutils: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/ns/query.h
dnsutils: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/ns/xfrout.h
dnsutils: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/ns/listenlist.h
dnsutils: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/ns/interfacemgr.h
dnsutils: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/ns/notify.h
dnsutils: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/ns/server.h
dnsutils: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/ns/sortlist.h
dnsutils: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/ns/stats.h
dnsutils: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/ns/client.h
dnsutils: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/ns/version.h
dnsutils: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/ns/log.h
dnsutils: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/ns/hooks.h
dnsutils: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/ns/lib.h
dnsutils: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/isccc
dnsutils: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/isccc/types.h
dnsutils: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/isccc/sexpr.h
dnsutils: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/isccc/symtype.h
dnsutils: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/isccc/base64.h
dnsutils: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/isccc/ccmsg.h
dnsutils: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/isccc/result.h
dnsutils: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/isccc/alist.h
dnsutils: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/isccc/cc.h
dnsutils: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/isccc/util.h
dnsutils: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/isccc/events.h
dnsutils: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/isccc/version.h
dnsutils: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/isccc/symtab.h
dnsutils: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/dst
dnsutils: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/dst/gssapi.h
dnsutils: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/dst/result.h
dnsutils: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/dst/dst.h
dnsutils: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/bind9
dnsutils: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/bind9/check.h
dnsutils: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/bind9/getaddresses.h
dnsutils: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/bind9/version.h
dnsutils: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/isc
dnsutils: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/isc/backtrace.h
dnsutils: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/isc/types.h
dnsutils: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/isc/hex.h
dnsutils: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/isc/bind9.h
dnsutils: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/isc/platform.h
dnsutils: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/isc/assertions.h
dnsutils: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/isc/align.h
dnsutils: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/isc/md.h
dnsutils: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/isc/file.h
dnsutils: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/isc/lfsr.h
dnsutils: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/isc/counter.h
dnsutils: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/isc/netmgr.h
dnsutils: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/isc/endian.h
dnsutils: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/isc/resource.h
dnsutils: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/isc/magic.h
dnsutils: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/isc/netdb.h
dnsutils: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/isc/queue.h
dnsutils: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/isc/cmocka.h
dnsutils: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/isc/stdio.h
dnsutils: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/isc/commandline.h
dnsutils: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/isc/safe.h
dnsutils: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/isc/time.h
dnsutils: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/isc/parseint.h
dnsutils: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/isc/string.h
dnsutils: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/isc/os.h
dnsutils: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/isc/crc64.h
dnsutils: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/isc/base64.h
dnsutils: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/isc/lang.h
dnsutils: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/isc/formatcheck.h
dnsutils: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/isc/sockaddr.h
dnsutils: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/isc/region.h
dnsutils: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/isc/hp.h
dnsutils: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/isc/bufferlist.h
dnsutils: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/isc/tm.h
dnsutils: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/isc/aes.h
dnsutils: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/isc/mutexatomic.h
dnsutils: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/isc/once.h
dnsutils: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/isc/netaddr.h
dnsutils: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/isc/fuzz.h
dnsutils: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/isc/strerr.h
dnsutils: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/isc/thread.h
dnsutils: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/isc/offset.h
dnsutils: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/isc/refcount.h
dnsutils: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/isc/condition.h
dnsutils: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/isc/utf8.h
dnsutils: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/isc/fsaccess.h
dnsutils: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/isc/errno.h
dnsutils: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/isc/eventclass.h
dnsutils: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/isc/taskpool.h
dnsutils: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/isc/mutexblock.h
dnsutils: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/isc/meminfo.h
dnsutils: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/isc/mutex.h
dnsutils: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/isc/buffer.h
dnsutils: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/isc/quota.h
dnsutils: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/isc/siphash.h
dnsutils: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/isc/lex.h
dnsutils: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/isc/radix.h
dnsutils: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/isc/regex.h
dnsutils: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/isc/ratelimiter.h
dnsutils: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/isc/mem.h
dnsutils: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/isc/ht.h
dnsutils: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/isc/app.h
dnsutils: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/isc/base32.h
dnsutils: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/isc/atomic.h
dnsutils: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/isc/list.h
dnsutils: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/isc/net.h
dnsutils: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/isc/stats.h
dnsutils: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/isc/result.h
dnsutils: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/isc/interfaceiter.h
dnsutils: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/isc/dir.h
dnsutils: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/isc/portset.h
dnsutils: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/isc/likely.h
dnsutils: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/isc/syslog.h
dnsutils: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/isc/rwlock.h
dnsutils: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/isc/resultclass.h
dnsutils: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/isc/hmac.h
dnsutils: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/isc/task.h
dnsutils: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/isc/stdtime.h
dnsutils: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/isc/util.h
dnsutils: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/isc/pool.h
dnsutils: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/isc/stat.h
dnsutils: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/isc/deprecated.h
dnsutils: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/isc/version.h
dnsutils: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/isc/httpd.h
dnsutils: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/isc/nonce.h
dnsutils: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/isc/socket.h
dnsutils: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/isc/netscope.h
dnsutils: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/isc/log.h
dnsutils: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/isc/stdatomic.h
dnsutils: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/isc/hash.h
dnsutils: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/isc/iterated_hash.h
dnsutils: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/isc/heap.h
dnsutils: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/isc/timer.h
dnsutils: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/isc/astack.h
dnsutils: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/isc/symtab.h
dnsutils: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/isc/error.h
dnsutils: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/isc/print.h
dnsutils: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/isc/event.h
dnsutils: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/isc/random.h
dnsutils: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/isc/serial.h
dnsutils: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/isc/lib.h
dnsutils: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/isccfg
dnsutils: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/isccfg/cfg.h
dnsutils: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/isccfg/namedconf.h
dnsutils: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/isccfg/grammar.h
dnsutils: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/isccfg/dnsconf.h
dnsutils: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/isccfg/aclconf.h
dnsutils: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/isccfg/version.h
dnsutils: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/isccfg/log.h
dnsutils: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/isccfg/kaspconf.h
dnsutils: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/doc/dnsutils/LICENSE
