lighttpd-static: /.
lighttpd-static: /data
lighttpd-static: /data/data
lighttpd-static: /data/data/com.termux
lighttpd-static: /data/data/com.termux/files
lighttpd-static: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr
lighttpd-static: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib
lighttpd-static: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/mod_deflate.la
lighttpd-static: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/mod_accesslog.a
lighttpd-static: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/mod_fastcgi.la
lighttpd-static: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/mod_flv_streaming.a
lighttpd-static: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/mod_vhostdb.la
lighttpd-static: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/mod_auth.la
lighttpd-static: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/mod_redirect.la
lighttpd-static: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/mod_auth.a
lighttpd-static: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/mod_setenv.a
lighttpd-static: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/mod_evhost.a
lighttpd-static: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/mod_staticfile.la
lighttpd-static: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/mod_openssl.a
lighttpd-static: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/mod_simple_vhost.la
lighttpd-static: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/mod_ssi.a
lighttpd-static: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/mod_compress.a
lighttpd-static: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/mod_userdir.a
lighttpd-static: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/mod_flv_streaming.la
lighttpd-static: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/mod_rrdtool.a
lighttpd-static: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/mod_webdav.a
lighttpd-static: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/mod_scgi.a
lighttpd-static: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/mod_dirlisting.la
lighttpd-static: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/mod_status.a
lighttpd-static: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/mod_usertrack.a
lighttpd-static: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/mod_proxy.la
lighttpd-static: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/mod_simple_vhost.a
lighttpd-static: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/mod_vhostdb.a
lighttpd-static: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/mod_cgi.la
lighttpd-static: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/mod_openssl.la
lighttpd-static: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/mod_indexfile.la
lighttpd-static: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/mod_access.a
lighttpd-static: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/mod_sockproxy.la
lighttpd-static: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/mod_expire.a
lighttpd-static: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/mod_rewrite.a
lighttpd-static: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/mod_deflate.a
lighttpd-static: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/mod_uploadprogress.a
lighttpd-static: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/mod_access.la
lighttpd-static: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/mod_evasive.a
lighttpd-static: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/mod_uploadprogress.la
lighttpd-static: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/mod_userdir.la
lighttpd-static: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/mod_expire.la
lighttpd-static: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/mod_rrdtool.la
lighttpd-static: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/mod_ssi.la
lighttpd-static: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/mod_evasive.la
lighttpd-static: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/mod_authn_file.la
lighttpd-static: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/mod_extforward.la
lighttpd-static: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/mod_secdownload.a
lighttpd-static: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/mod_indexfile.a
lighttpd-static: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/mod_evhost.la
lighttpd-static: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/mod_alias.la
lighttpd-static: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/mod_scgi.la
lighttpd-static: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/mod_sockproxy.a
lighttpd-static: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/mod_setenv.la
lighttpd-static: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/mod_status.la
lighttpd-static: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/mod_webdav.la
lighttpd-static: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/mod_staticfile.a
lighttpd-static: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/mod_compress.la
lighttpd-static: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/mod_usertrack.la
lighttpd-static: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/mod_wstunnel.a
lighttpd-static: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/mod_alias.a
lighttpd-static: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/mod_redirect.a
lighttpd-static: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/mod_cgi.a
lighttpd-static: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/mod_accesslog.la
lighttpd-static: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/mod_wstunnel.la
lighttpd-static: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/mod_authn_file.a
lighttpd-static: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/mod_secdownload.la
lighttpd-static: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/mod_dirlisting.a
lighttpd-static: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/mod_fastcgi.a
lighttpd-static: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/mod_extforward.a
lighttpd-static: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/mod_rewrite.la
lighttpd-static: /data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/mod_proxy.a
